you
most college campuses have very strict
rules about buildings their
architectural character their materials
and the relationship to other buildings
on campus the master plan for you see
really takes the opposite tact easiest
campus is so different from other
campuses because it's so urban and
diverse it's very modern it's a lot
different than the traditional brick
spread out campus that used to be the
norm the signature architecture and
modern art types the design the campus
really set the campus apart the central
concept is holding the campus together
through public spaces it acknowledges
the topography of the site which is
challenging it's very hilly there's a
lot of level change across campus it was
a lot of foresight and taking a little
bit of risk to hire George Hargreaves as
the master planner at that time he was
35 years old had never master plan to
campus before but was already recognized
as a talented landscape architect and
urban designer with that potential the
buildings that best capture the spirit
of the master plan and have helped
anchor the central main street public
space those include the engineering
research center the university pavillion
the joseph steger student life center
and the student rec center one of the
first buildings of the signature
architecture program is a particular
note it is the engineering research
center you get this great view down
what's left of university avenue and
leads you right to the entrance at
multiple levels of the engineering
research center and it has great spaces
inside beautiful materials that
compliment but do not duplicate the
materials the style and proportions of
the older buildings on campus anchoring
the south end of mcmicken commons
is the university pavillion building by
layers wines Apple it is elegant and
extremely disciplined its glass facade
helps it be open at all times to the
mechanic in comments to the quad which
is framed otherwise all by historic
brick buildings it respects that
tradition but fulfills it in a
completely different architectural
language that's very contemporary very
much about its time I'm especially proud
of that building because it is the one
out of all of these signature buildings
on campus that is designed by women that
Joseph steger student life center does a
phenomenal job of negotiating the
extreme level change from one end to the
other it is an amazing building i think
it's about 60 feet wide and 600 feet
long and negotiates a level change of
about 60 feet students are reacted to
the main street at you see very
positively they really utilize the space
and gather together they're drawn to it
because it's so inviting the space is so
successful because it incorporates other
activities like the rec center the
bookstore stores restaurants along with
the academic environment the campus rec
center is probably the most ambitious
energetic and unusual of all of these
buildings in the signature architecture
program it has destinations it has an
incredible architectural energy and the
facilities inside also are
state-of-the-art no one can deny its
importance and that's probably only
underscored by its location right in the
middle of campus when I as a freshman
most of the campus is under construction
it was all dirt we couldn't go really go
anywhere and so now my family's come
back five years later and everything's
built and finished and it's just amazing
everyone loves to come walk through Main
Street and see all the new buildings
there are no immediate plans for you see
to continue to add
get your buildings to the campus we get
a chance to enjoy what we have now for a
while it makes me really proud of being
a part of something like this I love
being on the campus using the building
seeing them every day I really like
being a part of a school that is so
innovative and being a student on a
campus that is so successful in the
significant
you